I think the best way seems to you.
For example, let’s think of
you want to develop a website.
And let’s assume that this website
you want to do it for two different
problems.
I want to make a website and I’m
going to hire an agency that makes
it for me.
We will do it externally.
There are two agencies.
One works in a traditional way and another
works in a digital way.
Let’s see what the advantages would
be because all this we’ve seen
sounds good, but you have to see
it grounded because it’s much
better.
On her bridge, the traditional says,
Borja, we’ll be together for
three weeks.
You will tell me you want on the
website what you want and
you don’t know.
We will find out together over
the next six months.
They will tell you, I’ll ask you that
as you don’t know what we want, tell
me at least a week with focus that it’
s what you want and let’s go reviewing it.
They will tell you that they will show
you in short cycles what you have
already done and they will be very close
to you.
They will require you much more
responsibility than a traditional one.
Finished the project you will get to
the traditional and you will say,
Borja, this is the result.
They will sit down and show you a demo.
This is the scene A.
We sit down, someone comes to the
office, we tell him the story, they
go.
You’ll call him two or three times a
month, and he’s going to be.
Yes but well.
It costs time and money, I will tell you.
Cost and time and so on.
And after two or three months, suddenly everything
is deliverable.
The entire website.
I don’t like this, nor this,
nor this.
I don’t like the look
and feel.
It turns out that the payment gateway
can’t put on American Express
or I know what, for example.
I don’t like it and I don’t like
it having so many scratches.
I want to be one page.
And you think all those mistakes
are already made.
of course.
It will be a boost to both you
and the provider.
They start discussions that it
was your fault, that was the reach, etc.
The common thing in these cases is that
it ends badly, because someone has to
assume those mistakes that you have
to make.
I do this, look, we are talking
about it and just putting me in
the situation, they put me nervous.
Because I have lived it many times.
That is, when the disallocation, I’m
not talking about working
with external suppliers, in general,
the disallocation between the
goals of a person and those who execute
them and such always exists.
And as always, the longer you
wait, the more the possibility
opens up.
The angle is larger.
It is already amazing whatever.
You’ve been working around here, but
you wanted something else, didn’
t you?
With Aladdin, we solve this.
Yes, such as, because like Allain, case
B, we talk about case B, the other
provider that would do it with Allain,
I would tell you, Borja, we’re going
to do two-week cycles.
Every two weeks we’ll ask you, please,
to come back to the beginning so
that you can help us tell you what’
s next most important for you to
do and we’ll see you in 15 days
so you can see a functional demo
of what you said.
In that functional demo you will have
the chance to see it and you will have
the chance to say, I didn’t like
this, this or another doesn’t seem to me.
Now that I see this I know what I really
wanted and it is this or another.
And all that feedback you incorporate
into the next cycle, with which you completely
mitigate the likelihood
that you don’t like something.
As you are making several deliveries
every 15 days, every 15 days you realize
that the landing page wasn’t going
with the colors, you realize that America
didn’t express a sect, those
changes are being incorporated
into the development, so that
when you arrive at the last
three months, all those problems
must be already corrected.
Look, I’ll explain it with the
two timelines, with the look and feel
theme or with something you don’
t like.
So, in scenario A, if two months,
three months pass and there is something
you don’t like, the look and feel,
for example, the entire website,
all pages within the website
have developed it with that
look and feel, with that whatever.
Instead in the B scenario, which
is the Jive, if we stay in two
weeks, in two weeks you
present me the home and I don’
t like it, we only wasted
the work of the developers during
those two weeks, but the work
of the two weeks until the
project ended x months ago
is recovered.
This is the main thing about this method.
Effectively, because in the A have
been working on something that
the customer, in this case the
customer of the contract,
even if the final customer,
if we develop a product,
does not like.
For me, the difference is
fundamental and it is what makes
this methodology strong, that
ability that everything you do is in
tune with the real need that is there
and not with something obsolete
or something that doesn’t like and
is not known at that time.
I think that is the best
example to explain it.
And in short, they are the long-
term ones we want, it is a level
of uncertainty, focus, that is, in
the next thing we will do to put
efforts there, sprint or short
cycles through feedback feeding
us and finally focused on
the customer, that is, the expertise
is the customer, who is in
the business is the customer
and whom I must meet is
him.
The latter is learning, what
is called Lean Startup, validated
learning, that is, we will
improve as we validate our
for the customer.
Perfect, so thank you very much.